Chi
Did you violate the professional code?
Right?
What is the professional code?
Don't you guys like top gifters?
Oh, that's right.
I like you, Chi
I like you too.
So
We do everything
formal communication
When I watch the surveillance video
So you're jealous like this
And they bite.
Listen to me and break the engagement
I have a big gift for you.
What gift?
What do you want?
I want one.
True love
I still want to regret Chengze Makka
Li Di
I know your wishes are cheap
Success is hard to find
But I have to tell you to save looking for you through various channels
No matter how much it costs
I will return it with you.
What Brother Chen Ze means by this is that he refuses to wait for my idea of making a wish.